The Bibliographies are generated by Jekyll Scholar

In case of updates; 

1. Locally generate the site using: "bundle exec jekyll serve" and if bundles are missing, run "bundle" or "bundle install"


Based on Al-folio Jekyll theme

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

## Getting started

For more about how to use Jekyll, check out [this tutorial](https://www.taniarascia.com/make-a-static-website-with-jekyll/).
Why Jekyll? Read [Andrej Karpathy's blog post](https://karpathy.github.io/2014/07/01/switching-to-jekyll/)!


### Installation

#### Local setup

Assuming you have [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/) and [Bundler](https://bundler.io/) installed on your system (*hint: for ease of managing ruby gems, consider using [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv)*), first [fork](https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/) the theme from `github.com:alshedivat/al-folio` to `github.com:<your-username>/<your-repo-name>` and do the following:

```bash
$ git clone git@github.com:<your-username>/<your-repo-name>.git
$ cd <your-repo-name>
$ bundle install
$ bundle exec jekyll serve
```

Now, feel free to customize the theme however you like (don't forget to change the name!).
After you are done, **commit** your final changes.

#### Deployment

Deploying your website to [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/) is the most popular option.
Starting version [v0.3.5](https://github.com/alshedivat/al-folio/releases/tag/v0.3.5), **al-folio** will automatically re-deploy your webpage each time you push new changes to your repository! :sparkles:

**For personal and organization webpages:**
1. Rename your repository to `<your-github-username>.github.io` or `<your-github-orgname>.github.io`.
2. In `_config.yml`, set `url` to `https://<your-github-username>.github.io` and leave `baseurl` empty.
3. Set up automatic deployment of your webpage (see instructions below).
4. Make changes, commit, and push!
5. After deployment, the webpage will become available at `<your-github-username>.github.io`.

**For project pages:**
1. In `_config.yml`, set `url` to `https://<your-github-username>.github.io` and `baseurl` to `/<your-repository-name>/`.
2. Set up automatic deployment of your webpage (see instructions below).
3. Make changes, commit, and push!
4. After deployment, the webpage will become available at `<your-github-username>.github.io/<your-repository-name>/`.

**To enable automatic deployment:**
1. Click on **Actions** tab and **Enable GitHub Actions**; do not worry about creating any workflows as everything has already been set for you.
2. Make any other changes to your webpage, commit, and push. This will automatically trigger the **Deploy** action.
3. Wait for a few minutes and let the action complete. You can see the progress in the **Actions** tab. If completed successfully, in addition to the `master` branch, your repository should now have a newly built `gh-pages` branch.
4. Finally, in the **Settings** of your repository, in the Pages section, set the branch to `gh-pages` (**NOT** to `master`). For more details, see [Configuring a publishing source for your GitHub Pages site](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/configuring-a-publishing-source-for-your-github-pages-site#choosing-a-publishing-source).


<details><summary>(click to expand) <strong>Manual deployment to GitHub Pages:</strong></summary>

If you need to manually re-deploy your website to GitHub pages, run the deploy script from the root directory of your repository:
```bash
$ ./bin/deploy
```
uses the `master` branch for the source code and deploys the webpage to `gh-pages`.

</details>

<details><summary>(click to expand) <strong>Deployment to another hosting server (non GitHub Pages):</strong></summary>

If you decide to not use GitHub Pages and host your page elsewhere, simply run:
```bash
$ bundle exec jekyll build
```
which will (re-)generate the static webpage in the `_site/` folder.
Then simply copy the contents of the `_site/` foder to your hosting server.

**Note:** Make sure to correctly set the `url` and `baseurl` fields in `_config.yml` before building the webpage. If you are deploying your webpage to `your-domain.com/your-project/`, you must set `url: your-domain.com` and `baseurl: /your-project/`. If you are deploing directly to `your-domain.com`, leave `baseurl` blank.

</details>

<details><summary>(click to expand) <strong>Deployment to a separate repository (advanced users only):</strong></summary>

**Note:** Do not try using this method unless you know what you are doing (make sure you are familiar with [publishing sources](https://help.github.com/en/github/working-with-github-pages/about-github-pages#publishing-sources-for-github-pages-sites)). This approach allows to have the website's source code in one repository and the deployment version in a different repository.

Let's assume that your website's publishing source is a `publishing-source` sub-directory of a git-versioned repository cloned under `$HOME/repo/`.
For a user site this could well be something like `$HOME/<user>.github.io`.

Firstly, from the deployment repo dir, checkout the git branch hosting your publishing source.

Then from the website sources dir (commonly your al-folio fork's clone):
```bash
$ bundle exec jekyll build --destination $HOME/repo/publishing-source
```

This will instruct jekyll to deploy the website under `$HOME/repo/publishing-source`.

**Note:** Jekyll will clean `$HOME/repo/publishing-source` before building!

The quote below is taken directly from the [jekyll configuration docs](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/configuration/options/):

> Destination folders are cleaned on site builds
>
> The contents of `<destination>` are automatically cleaned, by default, when the site is built. Files or folders that are not created by your site will be removed. Some files could be retained by specifying them within the `<keep_files>` configuration directive.
>
> Do not use an important location for `<destination>`; instead, use it as a staging area and copy files from there to your web server.

If `$HOME/repo/publishing-source` contains files that you want jekyll to leave untouched, specify them under `keep_files` in `_config.yml`.
In its default configuration, al-folio will copy the top-level `README.md` to the publishing source. If you want to change this behaviour, add `README.md` under `exclude` in `_config.yml`.

**Note:** Do _not_ run `jekyll clean` on your publishing source repo as this will result in the entire directory getting deleted, irrespective of the content of `keep_files` in `_config.yml`.

</details>

#### Upgrading from a previous version

If you installed **al-folio** as described above, you can upgrade to the latest version as follows:

```bash
# Assuming the current directory is <your-repo-name>
$ git remote add upstream https://github.com/alshedivat/al-folio.git
$ git fetch upstream
$ git rebase upstream/v0.3.5
```

If you have extensively customized a previous version, it might be trickier to upgrade.
You can still follow the steps above, but `git rebase` may result in merge conflicts that must be resolved.
See [git rebase manual](https://help.github.com/en/github/using-git/about-git-rebase) and how to [resolve conflicts](https://help.github.com/en/github/using-git/resolving-merge-conflicts-after-a-git-rebase) for more information.
If rebasing is too complicated, we recommend to re-install the new version of the theme from scratch and port over your content and changes from the previous version manually.

